Add WebXR Hit Test reference docs - pt 6 (#8262)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/xrray/index.md

---
title: XRRay
slug: Web/API/XRRay
tags:
  - API
  - Interface
  - Reference
  - WebXR
  - XR
  - AR
  - VR
browser-compat: api.XRRay
---
{{APIRef("WebXR Device API")}} {{secureContext_header}}

The **`XRRay`** interface of the [WebXR Device API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebXR_Device_API) is a geometric ray described by an origin point and a direction vector.

`XRRay` objects can be passed to {{domxref("XRSession.requestHitTestSource()")}} or {{domxref("XRSession.requestHitTestSourceForTransientInput()")}} to perform hit testing.

## Constructor

- {{domxref("XRRay.XRRay", "XRRay()")}}
  - : Creates a new `XRRay` object.

## Properties

> - {{domxref("XRRay.direction")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

Author: I've never thought about this. Would be good to make it a convention if you feel like this is important.

  - : A {{domxref("DOMPointReadOnly")}} representing the ray's 3-dimensional directional vector.
- {{domxref("XRRay.matrix")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : A {{jsxref("Float32Array")}} matrix which represents a transform that can be used to position objects along the `XRRay`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A transform that can be used to position objects along the `XRRay`. This is a 4 by 4 matrix given as a 16 element {{jsxref("Float32Array")}} in column major order.
```
